# Artificial Intelligence in Mobile Applications of Augmented Reality

Qt's native cross-platform framework allows you to develop high-performance applications for desktops, mobile devices, XR, and the web. Kornia is a differentiable computer vision library. SOD is a modern cross-platform machine learning software library. SolARFramework is an open-source framework making possible to easily create your own camera pose estimation solution to develop Augmented Reality applications. LWJGL is a Java library that enables cross-platform access to popular native APIs useful in the development of graphics (OpenGL, Vulkan, bgfx), audio (OpenAL, Opus), parallel computing (OpenCL, CUDA) and XR (OpenVR, LibOVR, OpenXR) applications. Boden empowers you to create native mobile cross-platform applications from a single codebase. jte is a secure and lightweight template engine for Kotlin. Android apps with GraalVM, Gluon Mobile, JavaFX and Scala. Stanford CoreNLP provides a set of natural language analysis tools written in Java. Maid is a cross-platform Flutter app for interfacing with GGUF / llama.cpp models locally, and with Ollama and OpenAI models remotely. XR-Objects is an open-source prototype that anchors contextual interactions onto analog objects to not only convey information but also to initiate digital actions, such as querying LLMs for details or executing tasks. Creating an early form of Augmented Object Intelligence. The DeepReality Unity package is aimed at simplifying and streamlining the usage of machine learning models in conjunction with the AR functionality. VIAME is a computer vision application. The Compute Library is a collection of low-level machine learning functions. Google’s ARCore use AI to enhance facial tracking, improving AR filters and immersive experiences. OpenARK is an open-source wearable augmented reality (AR) system. OpenCV Mobile is a minimalist build of the popular OpenCV library, specifically optimized for mobile and embedded platforms. OpenTabletDriver is an open source cross platform, user mode tablet driver